Describe globalConfig.licenseKey (#5791)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/50 Common/Object Structures/GlobalConfig/licenseKey.md

---
---
##### shortDescription
A license key.

---

> To learn how to obtain a license key, refer to the following help topic: [How to Obtain and Validate Your License Key](/Documentation/Guide/Common/Licensing/#How_to_Obtain_and_Validate_Your_License_Key).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For instructions on how to obtain a license key, refer to the following help topic: [How to Obtain and Validate Your License Key](/Documentation/Guide/Common/Licensing/#How_to_Obtain_and_Validate_Your_License_Key).
```
